this video is to demonstrate a little
bit more detail on the use of scenes and
layers of their association in finishing
the drawing if you look at this model we
have three different unique parts we
have a top the cross bar and an end I
have two ends but I'm treating those as
one part since it's just one design
we'll open up the entity information
window if I click on the end you'll
notice that that is on I put that on
layer a this one is also on layer a the
cross bar is on layer B and the top is
on layer C so each individual part is on
a separate layer if you look at the IPB
art at the I APB we have these three
parts plus the text for the call-outs on
that part if we look at the layers that
are being displayed we have layer a
being displayed layer B is visible layer
C is visible and if I scroll down I PB
one is visible which is the name of this
scene I PB one is the layer that
contains the text for this view if you
will notice we view the assembly view
and layers a B and C are invisible but I
PB one is turned off it is not visible
so by putting things in unique layers
and controlling which layers are visible
in which scenes I can create multiple
views again we'll look at the assembly
view as just layers a B and C if I go to
the IEP B view I have a B and C and the
IEP B view
I go to layer a or view a only layers a
and a text are visible
everything else is invisible and if
you'll notice this text is on a text
layer likewise if I go to scene B only B
and D text is visible seen to see only C
geometry and C text is visible so by
using a separate layer for the text and
for the geometry and turning them on and
off it will I can create multiple scenes
and show different pieces of the drawing
this way you should be able to get the
text to display and turn off in
individual views of the drawing